Nik does not like following rules or doing paperwork, preferring to pay his taxes in cash.

He started programming at age 9, calculus at 11, broke an IQ test and aced an LSAT hungover.

Nik has dropped out of high school and university, having received an Honours BSc in Physics once.

He has dabbled in electronic engineering - inventing a guitar pedal - and has written a .wav file by hand.

Left stranded in Arad, he stubbornly walked halfway across the desert before taking the bus to Tel Aviv.

He speaks only English, although he has been known to send texts in broken Hebrew andor Spanish.

Nik is a strong believer in copyleft free software open-sourcism, yet tempted at times by paytheism.


He is currently writing code using:

nodejs, angularjs, heroku, postgreSQL, bash, phantomjs

sometimes:

aws js sdk, jquery, facebook api, google apis, bootstrap, azure

dabbled in:

*coin, C#, PHP, browser extensions, firefox/android mobile, batch, gruntjs

past experience with:

iOS obj-c, OpenGL, MATLAB, C++ (openFrameworks), mySQL, java, arduino


and is planning on:

learning Haskell, finishing his npm module, becoming very wealthy and starting a pomegranate farm.



He will NOT fix your printer as he is incapable. He recommends inPrint (@ 1935 W Broadway Vancouver BC) 24/7 print shop.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
corporate version:
-----------------------------------

Nik was born a prototypical yiddishe genius - began programming at age 9, calculus at 11, completing an Honours Physics BSc. from UWO by age 16. Since then he has dabbled in microelectronic engineering (inventing a guitar pedal + audio editing and organization software system), mobile applications, and now web platform development & evangelism.

He has experience with a wide variety of platforms and technologies, and has strong opinions about most of them.

In his spare time, he dreams of having enough spare time to learn to kitesurf.

Nik has read the iTunes terms and conditions, and doesn't understand what all the fuss is about.
